For this assignment, I created a poster for a videogame that my roommates and I started for a game jam(a competion where
teams compete to make the best game they can over a single weekend). The theme for the game jam was "revision" and so we
decided to make our game a revisionist history time travel game about helping to fix global warming by transitioning to
cleaner more renewable energy sources. We also threw in a bit of an absurdist element of people being represented with 
household appliances. 

With the background of the game out of the way, the poster I created is supposed to tease the 5 main locations that the 
player would visit as the time travel in the game. Those locations are an old West oil rig, an industrial factory, an 
ocean oil rig, a crypto currency mining farm, and finally Chernobyl. These areas were all given their own slice of the 
poster divided into 5 spaces by a lightning effect. There's a lot of visual noise in the poster, but by giving it clear 
seperations, it allows the viewer to focus their attention on one thing at a time. Since our game is in a pixel art style, 
I reflected that in the poster by bringing in pictures of locations for the game and turning down the opacity and then 
redrawing them in pixelart on seperate layers. Each location has about 5-10 layers for the various foreground and background 
elements and the lightning effect that seperates them is also broken up across about 5 layers. The main character is pictured 
in the center of the poster to imply their importance but also the challenge they face as they're placed below all of the levels
represented above them. The main character as well as many parts of the locations had their colors picked directly from their 
reference images or in the case of the main character, their ingame sprite. Beneath the main character is a layer of dust clouds 
meant to create a calmer and more contrasting background for the tagline, which is a pun based on the main chracter being a 
microwave. Once I finished making the whole poster, I resized the canvas to add a blank white border around everything so that details
at the edge of the image wouldn't get lost.a

This is a poster that would probably be seen or sold in a brick and mortar games store or on an online games store. If it were an
in person store, there would likely be release and liscensing information at the bottom of the poster as well, and if it were online
there would be other game images and posters on the game's page.